Project flags, for global config defaults + behavior change migrations (#4814)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/project-flags.md

---
title: "Project flags"
id: "project-flags"
sidebar: "Project flags"
---

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml

flags:
  <global_config>: <value>

```

</File>

> See the [table of all flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags) to see which global configs are available for setting in `dbt_project.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference the [table of all flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags) to see which global configs are available for setting in `dbt_project.yml`.
```

> Reference the [table of all flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags) to see which global configs are available for setting in `dbt_project.yml`.

Reviewer 2: Nit -- would be nice to link to docs for `dbt_project.yml`

```suggestion
Reference the [table of all flags](/reference/global-configs/about-global-configs#available-flags) to see which global configs are available for setting in [`dbt_project.yml`](/reference/dbt_project.yml).
```

The `flags` dictionary is the _only_ place you can opt out of [behavior changes](/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors), while the legacy behavior is still supported.

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.7">

:::warning Deprecated functionality

> In older versions of dbt, custom default values of flags (global configs) were set in `profiles.yml`. Starting in v1.8, these configs should be set in `dbt_project.yml` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In older versions of dbt, custom default values of flags (global configs) were set in `profiles.yml`. Starting in v1.8, these configs are set in `dbt_project.yml` instead.
```

:::

> For most global configurations, you can set "user profile" configurations in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`. This style of configuration sets default values for all projects using this profile directory—usually, all projects running on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most global configurations, you can set "user profile" configurations in the `config:` block of `profiles.yml`. This style of configuration sets default values for all projects using this profile directory &mdash; usually, all projects running on your local machine.
```

---
title: "Project flags"
id: "project-flags"
sidebar: "Project flags"
---

> <File name='dbt_project.yml.yml'>

Reviewer 2: Little Caesars ad folks must've gotta hold on this file name -- 'cause you can never have enough YAML. 

```suggestion
<File name='dbt_project.yml'>
```

```yaml

flags:

>   <global_config>: <value>

Reviewer 2: See earlier comment relating to linking `<global-configs>` to examples that enumerate all the names and options.
